Release notes for 0.15.0 (#168)
okteto/docs: src/content/enterprise/install/releases.mdx

id: releases
---

## 0.15.0
TBD

### Improvements
- Add support for Kubernetes [1.22](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.22.md)

> - Upgraded Okteto CLI to [2.4.2](https://github.com/okteto/okteto/releases/tag/2.4.2)

Reviewer: I think the `2.5.2` made it for the chart release

id: releases
---

## 0.15.0
TBD

### Deprecation Notice

> - Deprecate support for Kubernetes [1.19](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.19.md)

Reviewer 2: What happens on 1.19? Will it fail to run?

Author: 1.19 is still supported internally. Still unclear whether we keep it as an officially supported version.
Related to: https://github.com/okteto/docs/pull/163#discussion_r939526036

Reviewer 2: Ah I see. if we are putting a depreciation notice, we should include the timeline. If we are testing for 1.19 on this release, I'd say we leave the deprecation notice, and mention that we will stop supporting 0.19 in 0.16? cc @jmacelroy

> - Deprecate support for Kubernetes [1.19](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.19.md)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Deprecate support for Kubernetes [1.19](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.19.md). Support for 1.19 will be dropped in the next release.
```

### Improvements
- Add support for Kubernetes [1.22](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.22.md)

> - Upgraded Okteto CLI to [2.5.2](https://github.com/okteto/okteto/releases/tag/2.5.2)

Reviewer 2: I think we are mixing present and past tense in the different items. eg Add on the first vs Upgraded on the second. 

Whats the standard to use for release notes?

Author: I'm trying to use present tense since it looks more widely used. This is a typo from a copy/pasted. Fixed

- Upgrade Buildkit to [0.10.3](https://github.com/moby/buildkit/releases/tag/v0.10.3)
- Upgrade ingress-nginx to [4.1.3](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/releases/tag/helm-chart-4.1.3)
- Upgrade Reloader dependency to [0.0.118](https://github.com/stakater/Reloader/releases/tag/v0.0.118)

> - Enable user pod preferred affinity by default. This will make user pods to try to run in the same node

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Enable user pod preferred affinity by default. There is now an affinity for all of a users pods to be deployed to the same node.
```

> - Improve buildkit helm upgrades by adding a suffix to the name with the hash of inmmutable statefulset fields

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Eliminated buildkit upgrade failures related to immutable statefulset fields.
```

- Support the kubernetes endpoints needed by litmus-2.10.2

> - Improve public services rolling updates

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Improve the rollout of public services using rolling updates
```

### Bugfixes

> - Delete VolumeSnapshotsContent when VolumeSnapshot in deleted

Reviewer 2: I think there's a typo on "in deleted"
